backend/hook/hints/MergeConflict-summary.md, before:

Because the branches have diverged, fast-forward merge strategy could not be applied.
Therefore, merge conflict was possible. Because two branches made changes in the same
file and near the same line, Git decided not to handle the situation itself but to
throw a merge conflict (letting user decide what to do).

After you resolve the conflict, you need to add it to staging area to tell Git that you have handled the situation. 
`git commit` then continues the merging process.

However, when Git stops and tells you that there is a conflict to resolve, you are not left on your own. There are some tricks
that can make conflict resolution process a lot easier.

 * By default, Git shows only *your* changes and *their* changes of conflicting lines. This will look like this:
 
         <<<<<<< HEAD
         Hello mundo
         =======
         Hola world
         >>>>>>> fast-bugfix
         
    It is often very helpful to see also how the code looked like before both of these changes. Seeing more context can
    help figure out good conflict resolution a lot faster. You can 
    [checkout each file in `diff3` mode](http://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Advanced-Merging#_checking_out_conflicts)
    that shows all three states of conflicting lines.
    
         git checkout --conflict=diff3 file.txt
         
    Conflict in `file.txt` will be presented now as:
    
        <<<<<<< HEAD
        Hello mundo
        ||||||| merged common ancestors
        Hello world
        =======
        Hola world
        >>>>>>> fast-bugfix
        
    If you like the `diff3` presentation of conflicts, you can enable them by default with
    
        git config merge.conflictstyle diff3
        
 * Sometimes you want either discard *your* changes or *their* changes that introduces the conflict. You can do that easily
   with 
    
       git checkout --ours file.txt

It's also worth to read the [Basic Branching and Merging](http://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Basic-Branching-and-Merging) from the Git Book.

Commit message:

Get rid of Hola mundo conflict

backend/hook/hints/MergeConflict-summary.md, after:

Because the branches have diverged, fast-forward merge strategy could not be applied.
Therefore, a merge conflict was possible. Because two branches made changes in the same
file and near the same line, Git decided not to handle the situation itself but to
throw a merge conflict (letting user decide what to do).

After you resolve the conflict, you need to add it to staging area to tell Git that you have handled the situation. 
`git commit` then continues the merging process.

However, when Git stops and tells you that there is a conflict to resolve, you are not left on your own. There are some tricks
that can make conflict resolution process a lot easier.

 * By default, Git shows only *your* changes and *their* changes of conflicting lines. This will look like this:
 
         <<<<<<< HEAD
         2 + ? = 5
         =======
         ? + 3 = 5
         >>>>>>> another-piece-of-work
         
    It is often very helpful to see also how the code looked like before both of these changes. Seeing more context can
    help figure out good conflict resolution a lot faster. You can 
    [checkout each file in `diff3` mode](http://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Advanced-Merging#_checking_out_conflicts)
    that shows all three states of conflicting lines.
    
         git checkout --conflict=diff3 equation.txt
         
    Conflict in `equation.txt` will be presented now as:
    
        <<<<<<< HEAD
        2 + ? = 5
        ||||||| merged common ancestors
        ? + ? = 5
        =======
        ? + 3 = 5
        >>>>>>> another-piece-of-work
        
    If you like the `diff3` presentation of conflicts, you can enable them by default with
    
        git config merge.conflictstyle diff3
        
 * Sometimes you want either discard *your* changes or *their* changes that introduces the conflict. You can do that easily
   with 
    
       git checkout --ours equation.txt

It's also worth to read the [Basic Branching and Merging](http://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Basic-Branching-and-Merging) from the Git Book.
